---
authors:
  - gramps
categories:
  - Patches
  - Tutorials
  - Skilet
  - GodotSteamKit
  - Docs
date:
  created: 2025-06-21
---

# GodotSteam Road-Map

Been a bit quiet lately so here's a little update and roadmap of what is going on with GodotSteam!  There are no specified timelines on all of this but it is the general order of how things are being worked on and will be released.

**GodotSteam 3.30 / 4.16 & Big Docs Update**
A big patch for both Godot 3.x and Godot 4.x that fixes a variety of functions and callbacks as well as adds in some missing things from the SDK.  Why is this taking so long?  I am combing through the entirety of the SDK to check for inconsistencies and missing things.

Simultaneously I am updating the docs which are also missing some information from a few patches already and also missing stuff found in this SDK check.  The docs post-update will have better explanations of the function arguments, what versions of GodotSteam things are added or removed, expanded explanations of the enums per class, and finally a list of constants with explanations.  This will transform the docs into a hybrid of the SDK's information, Valve's docs (which are somewhat outdated), and the existing GodotSteam notes.  My attempt to finally blend these together to be as useful as possible to you all.

**GodotSteam 3.31 / 4.17**
Finally complieting the push to the Flat API system which was started a few versions ago.  Regrettably, I totally spaced that all of the calls needed changed out and that was a lot of work.  These changes are being backported from the GodotSteamKit version but will take some time.  Functionally there will be no differences you'll notice but since it require every single function to be changed, it is coming as a separate update.  Plus whatever weird quirks and fixes that are found during yet another full-code deep-dive.

**Tutorials**
A bunch of tutorials based on Skillet's development are next in line, including [their video versions for MakerTube](https://makertube.net/c/making_____with_godotsteam/videos){ target="\_blank" }.  I missed a few video tutorial targets I had due to moving and personal stuff but there will be a 1-to-1 tutorial release during this period.

**Skillet Release**
Yes, the open-source, massive example project game that has [a very barebones repo](https://github.com/GodotSteam/Skillet){ target="\_blank" } will finally be released!  Progress is coming along and after these two big updates, I will start sharing more files, images, and such. I'll need folks to help test out mulitplayer but we can get into that when the time comes; however, this will probably be done using Steam playtest features so I can also write up some tutorial information on how that works.

**GodotSteam 5?! & Starter Kits**
I am abandoning my plans for the GodotSteamKit release to limit the already cumbersome list of repos and projects to manage.  Instead I will be releasing that version as our GodotSteam 5 variant which will get be available to all sponsors initially.  When Godot 5.x finally drops at some point, that will be rolled out as the standard version.  Why, you may ask?  Because it finally breaks apart GodotSteam into separate classes to match the SDK and would basically break everyone's projects.  So to limit confusion, it will wait for a major Godot version when we'll have to migrate to something different anyway.

That being said, people who have access to it can use it for projects but I'd only really start fresh projects unless you want to rename a bunch of calls.

Another thing that was planned were GodotSteam Starter Kits that are based off Skillet's code and will let people skip putting together some of the more cumbersome or repetitive parts of Steamworks like lobbies, networking, Inventory, Workshop, etc.  There will be a new repo for those too.

---

Well, back to the documentation pit with me!  Excited to finally roll all this stuff out soon.  If you have been enjoying the project and want to help with development, [feel free to sponsor the project too!](https://github.com/sponsors/Gramps)

:heart: Gramps
